updating the CI and ADO docs (#1497)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-configuring-dbt-cloud/authenticate-azure.md

sidebar_label: "Authenticate with Azure DevOps"
---

> If you use the dbt Cloud IDE to collaborate on your team's Azure DevOps dbt repo, you need to [link your dbt Cloud profile to Azure DevOps](#link-your-dbt-cloud-profile-to-azure-devops), providing an extra layer of authentication.

Reviewer: @schottj I like how this now focuses on the task they do and now include more than "developers." Just a tiny suggestion:

```suggestion
If you use the dbt Cloud IDE to collaborate on your team's Azure DevOps dbt repo, you need to [link your dbt Cloud profile to Azure DevOps](#link-your-dbt-cloud-profile-to-azure-devops), which provides an extra layer of authentication.
```
